// Name:										Pedro Zelada Souza
// Seneca Student ID:				116427188
// Seneca email:						pzelada-souza@myseneca.ca
// Date of completion:			09-16-2019
//
// I confirm that the content of this file is created by me,
// with the exception of the parts provided to me by my professor.



- Learning Outcome:

This workshop helped me to understand the difference between Internal and External
linkage, where:

Internal Linkage is the declaration of an entity (variable, object, function, etc)
in a scope where it is visible only to it's original module (or translation unit).
The declared entity is invisible to outside modules.

External Linkage is the declaration of an entity where it is visible to outside
modules along with it's original module. This entity is declared in the original
module but is defined / initialized on an outside module.

---

I also learned about the compiling process and how to work with command-line arguments
by modifying the main function to accept and handle external parameters.

---

Lastly, I learned about entity memory duration, those being:

* Automatic: lasts from declaration to the end of the scope (block). No keyword
  used to identify an automatic duration.

* Static: lasts from definition until the end of the program lifetime. This means
  a static declaration allows the entity (variable, object, etc) to outlive it's
  original scope (like an iteration for instance). Defined by the 'static' keyword.

* Dynamic: lasts from definition until it is deallocated (manually removed from memory).
  This is used for dynamic objects which memory storage amount is not predefined.
  Defined by the 'dynamic' keyword and deallocated with the 'delete' keyword.



- Issues and difficulties:

The instructions in this workshop made it difficult to understand what was to
be done.

The wording used was a bit confusing, especially relating to the String class instructions,
and the instructions were vague, such as when it instructed us to create a prototype
for the main function that would accept arguments, but not to define the main function.



- Quiz 01 Reflection:

I answered all questions correctly.
