// Name:                            Pedro Zelada Souza
// Seneca Student ID:               116427188
// Seneca email:                    pzelada-souza@myseneca.ca
// Date of completion:              17-10-2019
//
// I confirm that the content of this file is created by me,
// with the exception of the parts provided to me by my professor.



- Learning Outcome:

In this workshop, I learned about lambda expressions, functors (function objects) and exception handling.

Lambda expressions are anonymous functions that are used within the body of other functions and that usually
have a single use. Lambda expressions are usually practical and with compact code that has no need to be reused
elsewhere.

Functors are objects or classes that act like functions. They can be achieved in C++ by overloading the ()
operator, which is the function operator. They can be passed as parameter in other functions and referenced
with pointers.

Exceptions are unexpected behaviors in the code that can cause the program to stop working or to work in unintended
ways. By handling exceptions, we can make sure that the program will keep working even after meeting such
unexpected results. Handling exceptions also help identify how the program is behaving wrongly in a manner
that makes fixing it easier.

The difference between utilization of a lambda expression and a functor is that lambda expressions are limited
to the scope where they are declared. Functors can be utilized anywhere where they can be seen.

It is better to use a lambda expression when you need to perform a simple task within your code, while using
Functors is better when you have to relate different modules.

The constructor of spellchecker causes an error because it loads outside resources from a file that may or may
not exist. To fix that, I would use an enumerator for each set of words (bad and good words). This way there
is no need to load resources from outside.

Movie and Book could be a template class and each would be set apart from the other by an enumerator.
They could also both be implemented through inheritance, both classes being child class from a parent class 
that implements the shared logic as its own function.

The default constructor for both Movie and Book classes could be removed, but it opens the program to unexpected
behaviours by allowing garbage to be stored in the attributes of the objects.


- Quiz 05 Reflection:

1. What is the advantage of using string_view?

string_view does not own or allocate memory, can point into existing string 
and is one level less indirect than a string pointer

2. Name three sequential containers?

Vector, array, deque

3. What are vectors? What is the advantage of using vectors?

Vectors are contiguous storage of variable size. 
The elements are stored contiguously in memory and the size of the vector is adjusted as needed.

4. stack and queue are used in what contexts?

Stacks are LIFO structures (last in, first out). They are used for recursion, reversing and backtracking.

Queues are FIFO structures (first in, first out). They are used in asynchronous tasks, schedules and to queue
up jobs.
